Hello dear angelfreunde today
video clip for the magazine of the
Predator we will become with the multi
deal with the role
we will give you the essentials
introduce components of this rolling team
We will do the right thing for you
demonstrate with the multi- role and
also on possible sources of error
point out
in many angel species belongs the multi
roll for a long time
standard equipment
just think of sea ​​fishing or
the use in the thick fish at
Sadly, this still looks like dizzy fishing
very different from many petri fertilizers
shy away from the role of the multi role and
just be afraid of the insane
they are trotting in the wrong way
with this role inevitably ideas that
this need not be so, we want them
demonstrate today
Let's take a look now
sources of error when dealing with the multi
roll in closer
error number one the newly acquired
string is still misplaced itself
lapidary but unfortunately always happens
will turn again at every buddy's turn
the trace core in this direction
that means follow bought track has to
also exactly in this direction
be jumped namely the
direction of the track and me
By doing so I change different
founding house throw prevent also
that the police would not care enough
track releases and because of used
filter blocks error number two the
Centrifugal brake is adjusted incorrectly
to remember about the centrifuges
brake I regulate the pressure I
would like to exercise on the bobbins core
i brake the centrifuge wrong
set too easy for example then
the following happen I throw the
bait out but the trace in the core because too
easily adjusted gives more cord free
needed as the ejected bait
then a bottoming is inevitable
the result
So centrifuge brake properly
to adjust
to ensure that köhler and
string to harmonize
there is a very simple test around the
Centrifugal brake properly
adjust
I have the role mounted on the route
put my pictures received the
route vertically and regulate now
the cord will be correct at
the cord of the bait stand vertically
slowly from above the ground
lapse
only then do I have the centrifugal
Brake set correctly and one
crazy education becomes effective
counteracted
Error number three error number three
happened at the house throw us innate
of impact
Role more with something to be wrong
that is a capital mistake you throw
with the multi role
I throw in a movement with
stretched out arm and not after
a movement with straight arms
Eject prevent healthy education
at the fairy tale with the multi we got ourselves
now the components of the multi role in
detail looked at we have on possible
error sources pointed
Of course they also enjoy it
Coming soon with a multi role
between this sense petri healing